---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postmark_server Data Source - postmark"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# postmark_server (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// The Postmark server data source allows access to the details of a server.
// This data source can be used to get information about an existing server in your Postmark account.

// Lookup by Server ID
data "postmark_server" "example" {
  id = 1111111
}

// Lookup by Server Name
data "postmark_server" "example" {
  name = "Test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) ID of server
- `name` (String) Server name

### Read-Only

- `api_tokens` (List of String, Sensitive) List of API tokens associated with server.
- `color` (String) Color of the server in the server list, for quick identification. Possible values - 'purple', 'blue', 'turquoise', 'green', 'red', 'yellow', 'grey', 'orange'
- `delivery_type` (String) Specifies the type of environment for your server. Possible options - Live Sandbox. Defaults to Live if not specified. This cannot be changed after the server has been created.
- `enable_smtp_api_error_hooks` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not SMTP API Errors will be included with bounce webhooks.
- `inbound_address` (String) Inbound email address
- `inbound_domain` (String) Inbound domain for MX setup.
- `inbound_hash` (String, Sensitive) The inbound hash of your inbound email address.
- `inbound_hook_url` (String) URL to POST to every time an inbound event occurs.
- `inbound_spam_threshold` (Number) The maximum spam score for an inbound message before it's blocked.
- `include_bounce_content_in_hook` (Boolean) Include bounce content in webhook.
- `post_first_open_only` (Boolean) If set to true, only the first open by a particular recipient will initiate the open webhook. Any subsequent opens of the same email by the same recipient will not initiate the webhook.
- `raw_email_enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, the raw email content will be included with inbound webhook payloads under the RawEmail key.
- `server_link` (String)
- `smtp_api_activated` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not SMTP is enabled on this server.
- `track_links` (String) Indicates if all emails being sent through this server should have link tracking enabled for links in their HTML or Text bodies. Possible options - 'None', 'HtmlAndText', 'HtmlOnly', 'TextOnly'
- `track_opens` (Boolean) Indicates if all emails being sent through this server have open tracking enabled.
