---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postmark_domain Resource - postmark"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# postmark_domain (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "postmark_domain" "example" {
  name               = "example.com"
  return_path_domain = "pm-bounces.example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Domain name

### Optional

- `return_path_domain` (String) A custom value for the Return-Path domain. It is an optional field, but it must be a subdomain of your From Email domain and must have a CNAME record that points to pm.mtasv.net.

### Read-Only

- `dkim_host` (String) DNS TXT host being used to validate messages sent in.
- `dkim_pending_host` (String) If a DKIM rotation has been initiated or this DKIM is from a new Domain, this field will show the pending DKIM DNS TXT host which has yet to be setup and confirmed at your registrar or DNS host.
- `dkim_pending_text_value` (String) Similar to the DKIMPendingHost field, this will show the DNS TXT value waiting to be confirmed at your registrar or DNS host.
- `dkim_revoked_host` (String) Once a new DKIM has been confirmed at your registrar or DNS host, Postmark will revoke the old DKIM host in preparation for removing it permanently from the system.
- `dkim_revoked_text_value` (String) Similar to DKIMRevokedHost, this field will show the DNS TXT value that will soon be removed from the Postmark system.
- `dkim_text_value` (String) DNS TXT host being used to validate messages sent in.
- `dkim_update_status` (String) While DKIM renewal or new DKIM operations are being conducted or setup, this field will indicate Pending. After all DNS TXT records are up to date and any pending renewal operations are finished, it will indicate Verified.
- `dkim_verified` (Boolean) Specifies whether DKIM has ever been verified for the domain or not. Once DKIM is verified, this response will stay true, even if the record is later removed from DNS.
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the Domain.
- `return_path_domain_cname_value` (String) The CNAME DNS record that Postmark expects to find at the ReturnPathDomain value.
- `return_path_domain_verified` (Boolean) The verification state of the Return-Path domain. Tells you if the Return-Path is actively being used or still needs further action to be used.
- `safe_to_remove_revoked_key_from_dns` (Boolean) Indicates whether you may safely delete the old DKIM DNS TXT records at your registrar or DNS host. The new DKIM is now safely in use.
- `spf_host` (String) Host name used for the SPF configuration.
- `spf_text_value` (String) Value that can be optionally setup with your DNS host. See our blog post to learn why this field is no longer necessary.
- `weak_dkim` (Boolean) DKIM is using a strength weaker than 1024 bit. If so, it’s possible to request a new DKIM using the RequestNewDKIM function below.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Domains can be imported by specifying the domain ID
terraform import postmark_domain.example 123
```
