---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postmark_sender_signature Resource - postmark"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# postmark_sender_signature (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "postmark_sender_signature" "example" {
  name                       = "John Doe"
  from_email                 = "john.doe@example.com"
  reply_to_email             = "reply@example.com"
  return_path_domain         = "pm-bounces.example.com"
  confirmation_personal_note = "This is a note visible to the recipient to provide context of what Postmark is."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `from_email` (String) From email associated with sender signature.
- `name` (String) From name of sender signature.

### Optional

- `confirmation_personal_note` (String) Optional. A way to provide a note to the recipient of the confirmation email to have context of what Postmark is. Max length of 400 characters.
- `reply_to_email` (String) Reply-To email associated with sender signature.
- `return_path_domain` (String) A custom value for the Return-Path domain. It is an optional field, but it must be a subdomain of your From Email domain and must have a CNAME record that points to pm.mtasv.net

### Read-Only

- `confirmed` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not this sender signature has been confirmed.
- `dkim_host` (String) DNS TXT host being used to validate messages sent in.
- `dkim_pending_host` (String) If a DKIM rotation has been initiated or this DKIM is from a new Domain, this field will show the pending DKIM DNS TXT host which has yet to be setup and confirmed at your registrar or DNS host.
- `dkim_pending_text_value` (String) Similar to the DKIMPendingHost field, this will show the DNS TXT value waiting to be confirmed at your registrar or DNS host.
- `dkim_revoked_host` (String) Once a new DKIM has been confirmed at your registrar or DNS host, Postmark will revoke the old DKIM host in preparation for removing it permantly from the system.
- `dkim_revoked_text_value` (String) Similar to DKIMRevokedHost, this field will show the DNS TXT value that will soon be removed from the Postmark system.
- `dkim_text_value` (String) DNS TXT value being used to validate messages sent in.
- `dkim_update_status` (String) While DKIM renewal or new DKIM operations are being conducted or setup, this field will indicate Pending. After all DNS TXT records are up to date and any pending renewal operations are finished, it will indicate Verified.
- `dkim_verified` (Boolean) Specifies whether DKIM has ever been verified for the domain or not. Once DKIM is verified, this response will stay true, even if the record is later removed from DNS.
- `domain` (String) Domain associated with sender signature.
- `id` (String) Unique ID of sender signature.
- `return_path_domain_cname_value` (String) The CNAME DNS record that Postmark expects to find at the ReturnPathDomain value.
- `return_path_domain_verified` (Boolean) The verification state of the Return-Path domain. Tells you if the Return-Path is actively being used or still needs further action to be used.
- `safe_to_remove_revoked_key_from_dns` (Boolean) Indicates whether you may safely delete the old DKIM DNS TXT records at your registrar or DNS host. The new DKIM is now safely in use.
- `spf_host` (String) Host name used for the SPF configuration.
- `spf_text_value` (String) Value that can be optionally setup with your DNS host.
- `weak_dkim` (Boolean) DKIM is using a strength weaker than 1024 bit. If so, it’s possible to request a new DKIM using the RequestNewDKIM function.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Sender Signatures can be imported by specifying the sender signature ID
terraform import postmark_sender_signature.example 123
```
