---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postmark_server Resource - postmark"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# postmark_server (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "postmark_server" "example" {
  name                           = "Staging Testing"
  color                          = "red"
  smtp_api_activated             = true
  raw_email_enabled              = false
  delivery_type                  = "Live"
  inbound_hook_url               = "http://hooks.example.com/inbound"
  bounce_hook_url                = "http://hooks.example.com/bounce"
  open_hook_url                  = "http://hooks.example.com/open"
  delivery_hook_url              = "http://hooks.example.com/delivery"
  post_first_open_only           = false
  inbound_domain                 = ""
  inbound_spam_threshold         = 5
  track_opens                    = false
  track_links                    = "None"
  include_bounce_content_in_hook = true
  click_hook_url                 = "http://hooks.example.com/click"
  enable_smtp_api_error_hooks    = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Server name

### Optional

- `color` (String) Color of the server in the server list, for quick identification. Possible values - 'purple', 'blue', 'turquoise', 'green', 'red', 'yellow', 'grey', 'orange'
- `delivery_type` (String) Specifies the type of environment for your server. Possible options - Live Sandbox. Defaults to Live if not specified. This cannot be changed after the server has been created.
- `enable_smtp_api_error_hooks` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not SMTP API Errors will be included with bounce webhooks.
- `inbound_domain` (String) Inbound domain for MX setup.
- `inbound_hook_url` (String) URL to POST to every time an inbound event occurs.
- `inbound_spam_threshold` (Number) The maximum spam score for an inbound message before it's blocked.
- `include_bounce_content_in_hook` (Boolean) Include bounce content in webhook.
- `post_first_open_only` (Boolean) If set to true, only the first open by a particular recipient will initiate the open webhook. Any subsequent opens of the same email by the same recipient will not initiate the webhook.
- `raw_email_enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, the raw email content will be included with inbound webhook payloads under the RawEmail key.
- `smtp_api_activated` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not SMTP is enabled on this server.
- `track_links` (String) Indicates if all emails being sent through this server should have link tracking enabled for links in their HTML or Text bodies. Possible options - 'None', 'HtmlAndText', 'HtmlOnly', 'TextOnly'
- `track_opens` (Boolean) Indicates if all emails being sent through this server have open tracking enabled.

### Read-Only

- `api_tokens` (List of String, Sensitive) List of API tokens associated with server.
- `id` (String) ID of server
- `inbound_address` (String) Inbound email address
- `inbound_hash` (String, Sensitive) The inbound hash of your inbound email address.
- `server_link` (String) URL to your server overview page in Postmark.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Server can be imported by specifying the server ID
terraform import postmark_server.example 123
```
